Perhaps fifty or a hundred prostrations, I get tired, my enthusiasm disappears, and I am wondering
which is more important to remain, just do enough while I feel enthusiasm, or is it more important
to build accumulations?
Generally, it is definitely, enthusiasm is very important, and that is really essential. Therefore,
we have to reactivate our enthusiasm.
We should feel joy, we should feel appreciation, we should feel the importance of the pozzama, the
prostration. The prostration is so important. It is really, in a normal level, in a regular level,
the prostration is we are doing exercise.
Just body exercise, and exercise, and that means when we do the exercise, and what it does, it does
, we become athletics, truly we become, and also it is very shrinking to our unwanted, all those j
abbies.
No, it is really, I am not kidding, as long as our knees and the joints are correct, we are really
making slim, slims, and that also means that we have to invite the coolness to ourselves, we become
cool, cool guys.
So those are regular kind of like concepts. It is true, I am not just making jokes, I am making
that. Truly it is, really that, it is really, and we are building the muscles, we are joining the
object.
And then in the spiritual level, we call it dharma level, it is really we are purifying all the
body obstacles, the teaching said, channel obstacles.
Body is best on the channels. We are purifying channels, cleansing, purifying in a straight, our
channels has so many corkets, so many kind of like banded, all that in the teaching said that.
And also so many like corkets, all nuts and all these things. By doing all stations, it is really
like we are purifying, prying and cleansing and the body obscurations, and that is what it really
is the teaching said.
And then also those are just generally physical kind of things, but if we combine our motivation
with that, join the applications, join the applications.
That means that our wind energy, flowing energy through the channels are really like joy and wisdom
, beautiful, that air and energy is moving through joyful energy and clean, calm, soothing, and that
really like you are moving through all the channels.
And walk in the wisdom, wisdom more and more that, and then with that motivation, and then fill the
presence of the Buddha or the refugee right in front of that.
And you will think also when we are doing the bodhstach and we are not just doing bodhstach
according dharma level, we are following the footsteps of all those ancient great masters who did
this, who followed this path and reached enlightenment, become the great masters.
This great master, not just the born with great master, with their joyful effort, the courage and
commitment, their devotion, then result they become we call great masters.
So we are really following that great path of the great masters and following that path of great
peace. So for that, it is really so wonderful, so spacious.
And then we also extended this motivation by this doing these bodhstachians, may all send a peace
of cleanse and put it by their body obscurations, fill their all channels in those with great
energy of wisdom, and they have the great realization of pure motivation of the mind.
And we think that, and we expanded that really whole thing is transformed, such beautiful,
beautiful, beautiful things, beautiful that environment in enlightenment things.
And then what the Buddha's teaching said that, said, and also what the teaching said, when you do
the bodhstachians, everything is a great thing.
You are doing the bodhstachians, along with all the beings of six awareness things. You are guiding
with them, for example, all doing the bodhstachians, same way in every living beings.
So the ripple effect of your motivation is ignited throughout the universal world and going beyond
that.
And it is really one of the bread and food for accumulation. And then in the teaching said, what
the teaching said, said, the way you do the bodhstachians, bodhstachians, that, atoms of that sport
has become the optimal venerations.
In the teaching said, because such beautiful motivation, beautiful intuition, beautiful meditation,
you do the bodhstachians.
So the area in the teaching even said, that is really become the optimal venerations. That atoms,
atoms of that area, and that atoms of the old man, that sport is, as much as that atoms, that might
be accumulated merits in the teaching said.
So this is the one of the very powerful meditation with the combination of all these things, like
also in the teaching said, for example, joint target is this folded hand, which is like lot of blo
oming mother, mother's forehand.
And you put this, by putting this folded hand, putting on the koranjaka, may all my body obsc
urations of the mind and all living beings clean.
And when you put this to the speech center, my speech obscurations and all the sending beings speak
obscurations clean.
When you touch to this, this is to the heart center and may my mind obscurations and all mind obsc
urations and all the sending beings cleanse and put in pride with that.
And then when you touch the five point or the straight on that, may every living beings, five rims,
in some times there will be six rims and five rims.
And five rims, this is when you touch to the five point on the ground, may all the five rims of the
sending beings are completely out of the troubles.
May that happen. In the teaching, it is so, I mean, it is all, one way in the post section is
combined entirely with the teachings of the Buddhas.
And then also when you touch to this, all the koranjaka Buddhas are pleased.
When you touch to the speech, all the speak koranjaka Buddhas are, and when you touch to the heart
center, all the heart koranjaka Buddhas, inner levels, all Buddhas are now glowing there.
And then when you touch to the, everything on the floor, five point, the entirely Buddhas, infinite
Buddhas, peaceful, wrath Buddhas are glowing state.
So you glorify our inherent Buddha college. So therefore, post section is really so important and
Hindu practice is so important.
As I said yesterday, as the Buddha Shakyamuni said, part truth, this is the part truth. We are
following the part truth, one after another.
And part truth, when we follow, there is always kind of difficulty in the challenges, absolutely
all those comes. This is normal. It's nothing unusual that we experience.
All those enlightened beings, all those great masters, when you read the life story of those, they
really experience that too, I mean.
The teachings, their lives will see those things, definitely, all that can experience it. For that
reason, what we need, courage and commitment, devotion and determinations and joyful effort.
And that's it. This is truly, it is nothing as any kind of negative condensation this practice has.
It's all peace, it's all will of love, commitment and devotion. It's nothing else. It's revealing
our goodness college.
Why we need to be kind of skeptical, doubt and hesitate. It's revealing our goodness. Beautiful.
We're removing our emotions, negative behaviors, arrogance. And then exposition is the most
powerful of the antidote of arrogance, arrogance.
Arrogance is a combination of the ego and ignorance. And I tried to do all that. We are knocking
down the head of the ego clings.
So therefore, it is really one of the very beautiful and for that reason, all of us like to
activate a beautiful joy and appreciation is really very, very special.
Thank you very much.